Get support for whatever 2026 brings and build habits for lifelong mental health. Enhance your mental health, reduce daily anxiety and stress, improve your sleep, and increase focus with the Balance Meditation and Sleep app.
Balance is a personalized program, like having a personal meditation coach in your pocket. You answer daily questions about your meditation experience and goals, and Balance assembles guided sessions that are perfect for you using a vast audio library of sounds, meditation music, and breathing exercises.

LEARN PRACTICAL DAILY MEDITATION SKILLS
Balance's meditations are organized in 10-day Plans that teach concrete meditation skills to improve your mental health and achieve your goals. You'll discover how to bring mindfulness and meditation into your daily life, increase your focus among distractions, improve your sleep, reduce anxiety, and find deep relaxation as you learn to breathe deeply to reduce anxiety and stress, accompanied by soothing white noise audio and other relaxing sounds.

CALM YOUR MIND ANYTIME, ANYWHERE
Balance's Singles are stand-alone guided meditations you can use anytime. Wake up gently with a morning meditation, relaxation music, or stretch with calming sounds. Then, enjoy your commute with personalized audio guidance and get to work with a library of focus music. You can breathe through animated breathing exercises to clear your mind or lower your stress, reduce anxiety, find energy, and increase your focus with quick Relax, Energize, and Concentrate daily guided meditations. No matter where you are, you can take a moment to breathe and regain balance.

SLEEP WELL WITH BEDTIME RELAXATION EXERCISES
Rest easy with Balance's sleep meditations, sleep stories, sleep sounds such as white noise audio, sleep music, and wind-down activities. These first-of-its-kind interactive features use bilateral stimulation and controlled breathing to help your mind relax before bed, overcome anxiety, and find more restful sleep.

ENHANCE YOUR MEDITATION PRACTICE
If you're a beginner, you'll start with our Foundations Plan, which trains your focus and reduces anxiety. If you already meditate often, you'll start with our Advanced Plan, which helps you take your daily meditation practice to the next level. With guided breathing exercises, you can breathe intentionally, expand your meditation skills, and build a routine that works for you.

WHAT'S INCLUDED
- Personalized guided meditations tailored to your mood, goals, experience, and more
- 10-day Plans to help you develop and deepen your meditation skills for better mental health
- Bite-sized Singles for a calming boost
- Research-backed activities and calming sounds to help you relax, reduce stress and anxiety, and get restful sleep
- Animated breathing exercises to help you breathe deeply and find calm
- 10 concrete meditation techniques to build your practice: Breath Focus, Body Scan, and more
In meditation, "one-size-fits-all" fits no one. We all have unique ways of finding relaxation, focus, rest, and happiness. Balance's audio-guided sessions help you develop mindfulness and deepen your breathing to reduce anxiety and find calm.
SUBSCRIPTION DETAILS
Balance offers two auto-renewing subscriptions at $11.99/month and $69.99/year. These prices are for United States customers; pricing in other countries may vary.
Your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each subscription term unless auto-renewal is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the term. Subscription renewals cost the same as the original subscription, and your credit card will be charged through your Play account at confirmation of purchase.
Balance also offers a Lifetime subscription paid for by a one-off upfront payment of $399.99, which includes unlimited access to the Balance library forever.
For additional information, please read our Terms of Service (http://www.balanceapp.com/balance-terms.html) and Privacy Policy (http://www.balanceapp.com/balance-privacy.html)